Document MySQL 8.4.x minimum and how to upgrade MySQL in Self-Managed deployments (#2653)
wandb/docs: snippets/_includes/self-managed-version-requirements.mdx

| ------------ | -------------------------------------------- |
| Kubernetes   | v1.32 or newer ([Supported Kubernetes versions](https://kubernetes.io/releases/patch-releases/))  |
| Helm         | v3.x                                         |

> | MySQL        | v8.4.x is required (v8.4.0 or newer). W&B has validated compatibility with MySQL 8.4.0 and current 8.4.x releases.<br/>Aurora MySQL version numbers differ from the community MySQL version. Use `SELECT version()` for the community version and `SELECT aurora_version()` for the Aurora version. [Aurora MySQL version 3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.MySQL80.html) is compatible with MySQL 8.0.x, not 8.4.x. See [Amazon Aurora versioning](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.VersionPolicy.Versioning.html) and your cloud provider's documentation when you choose a target version. |

Author: ```suggestion
| MySQL        | W&B Self-Managed deployments must run a supported MySQL version that receives security patches and critical bug fixes. Install or upgrade to **MySQL 8.4.x** or a managed service your provider documents as compatible with MySQL 8.4.x.<br/>Aurora MySQL version numbers differ from the community MySQL version. Use `SELECT version()` for the community version and `SELECT aurora_version()` for the Aurora version. [Aurora MySQL version 3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.MySQL80.html) is compatible with MySQL 8.0.x and is still supported. See [Amazon Aurora versioning](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.VersionPolicy.Versioning.html) and your cloud provider's documentation when you choose a target version. |
```
